README.md, before:

# T2NER

A transformers based transfer learning framework for named entity recognition (NER).

#### Instructions
Clone the repository and run the requirements file:
```
git clone https://github.com/suamin/t2ner.git
cd t2ner
pip install -r requirements
```

#### Preprocessing
Download the NER data of interest and convert into CoNLL format. Example datasets are provided in `data` folder (GermEval 2014, CoNLL-2002). Then, preprocess the CoNLL formatted data:

```
python t2ner/preprocess.py \
    --data_dir data/ner \
    --output_dir data/processed \
    --model_name_or_path bert-base-multilingual-cased \
    --model_type bert \
    --max_len 128 \
    --overwrite_output_dir \
    --languages es,nl
```

#### Experiments
To run an experiment:

```
python t2ner/run.py \
    --exp_type ner \
    --base_json configs/base.json \
    --exp_json configs/ner.json

```

#### TODOs
- Add documentation
- Update README

## Citation
```
@inproceedings{amin-neumann-2021-t2ner,
    title = "{T}2{NER}: Transformers based Transfer Learning Framework for Named Entity Recognition",
    author = "Amin, Saadullah  and
      Neumann, Guenter",
    booktitle = "Proceedings of the 16th Conference of the European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics: System Demonstrations",
    month = apr,
    year = "2021",
    address = "Online",
    publisher = "Association for Computational Linguistics",
    url = "https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/2021.eacl-demos.25",
    pages = "212--220"
}
```

## Acknowledgements 
The algorithmic components of the framework largely follows [Transfer-Learning-Library](https://github.com/thuml/Transfer-Learning-Library) and [Dassl.pytorch](https://github.com/KaiyangZhou/Dassl.pytorch), if you find `t2ner` useful, please also consider citing these works.

Commit message:

added bionlp22 few-shot citation

README.md, after:

# T2NER

A transformers based transfer learning framework for named entity recognition (NER).

#### Instructions
Clone the repository and run the requirements file:
```
git clone https://github.com/suamin/t2ner.git
cd t2ner
pip install -r requirements
```

#### Preprocessing
Download the NER data of interest and convert into CoNLL format. Example datasets are provided in `data` folder (GermEval 2014, CoNLL-2002). Then, preprocess the CoNLL formatted data:

```
python t2ner/preprocess.py \
    --data_dir data/ner \
    --output_dir data/processed \
    --model_name_or_path bert-base-multilingual-cased \
    --model_type bert \
    --max_len 128 \
    --overwrite_output_dir \
    --languages es,nl
```

#### Experiments
To run an experiment:

```
python t2ner/run.py \
    --exp_type ner \
    --base_json configs/base.json \
    --exp_json configs/ner.json

```

## Citation

If you find our framework useful, please consider citing:

```bibtex
@inproceedings{amin-neumann-2021-t2ner,
    title = "{T}2{NER}: Transformers based Transfer Learning Framework for Named Entity Recognition",
    author = "Amin, Saadullah  and
      Neumann, Guenter",
    booktitle = "Proceedings of the 16th Conference of the European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics: System Demonstrations",
    month = apr,
    year = "2021",
    address = "Online",
    publisher = "Association for Computational Linguistics",
    url = "https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/2021.eacl-demos.25",
    pages = "212--220"
}
```

Please also consider checking our related work using T2NER for few-shot de-identification of cross-lingual clinical notes:

```bibtex
@inproceedings{amin-etal-2022-fewshot,
    title = "Few-Shot Cross-lingual Transfer for Coarse-grained De-identification of Code-Mixed Clinical Texts",
    author = "Amin, Saadullah and 
    Pokaratsiri Goldstein, Noon and 
    K. Wixted, Morgan and 
    García-Rudolph, Alejandro and 
    Martínez-Costa, Catalina and 
    Neumann, Günter",
    booktitle = "Proceedings of the 21st Workshop on Biomedical Language Processing",
    month = may,
    year = "2022",
    address = "Online",
    publisher = "Association for Computational Linguistics"
}
```

## Acknowledgements 
The algorithmic components of the framework largely follows [Transfer-Learning-Library](https://github.com/thuml/Transfer-Learning-Library) and [Dassl.pytorch](https://github.com/KaiyangZhou/Dassl.pytorch), if you find `t2ner` useful, please also consider citing these works.
